content/about.md, before:

+++
menu = "main"
title = "About"
type = "about"
weight = 10
+++

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Eveniet, consequuntur eius repellendus eos aliquid molestiae ea laborum ex quibusdam laudantium voluptates placeat consectetur quam aliquam beatae soluta accusantium iusto nihil nesciunt unde veniam magnam repudiandae sapiente.

![about](../images/mac.jpg)

### Necessitatibus

Velit, odit, eius, libero unde impedit quaerat dolorem assumenda alias consequuntur optio quae maiores ratione tempore sit aliquid architecto eligendi pariatur ab soluta doloremque dicta aspernatur labore quibusdam dolore corrupti quod inventore. Maiores, repellat, consequuntur eius repellendus eos aliquid molestiae ea laborum ex quibusdam laudantium voluptates placeat consectetur quam aliquam!

### Fugit, laboriosam

Eum, quasi, est, vitae, ipsam nobis consectetur ea aspernatur ad eos voluptatibus fugiat nisi perferendis impedit. Quam, nulla, excepturi, voluptate minus illo tenetur sint ab in culpa cumque impedit quibusdam. Saepe, molestias quia voluptatem natus velit fugiat omnis rem eos sapiente quasi quaerat aspernatur quisquam deleniti accusantium laboriosam odio id?

Commit message:

updated my diary with new entries

content/about.md, after:

+++
menu = "main"
title = "About"
type = "about"
weight = 10
+++

Hi thanks for checking my profile. My name is Doyin ELUGBADEBo, Am a Software Developer and Information Systems Practioner based in Lagos Nigeria. I design and work closely with clients in bringing your envisioned concepts to reality. My combined expertise in web technologies, dev ops, mobile development, machine learning and GIS may be impactful in realizing you next goal. So plz don't hesitate to reach me and lets see how we can make your world happen together. More about me and my works can be found here. 

![about](../images/mac.jpg)

### Work Approach

My approach has alwaz been geared towards simplify complex things with clean service deleivery. Below are some of my expertise that may truly gear your concepts to fruition.
- Calmness in picking the right tools for the right jobs - I have been blessed to fathom out the right tool appropriate for you next project be it dev ops, machine learning software development, teaching or general consultancy
- I work with deligence and alacrity with clean service delivery while balancing speed with quality.  

### Skills

Eum, quasi, est, vitae, ipsam nobis consectetur ea aspernatur ad eos voluptatibus fugiat nisi perferendis impedit. Quam, nulla, excepturi, voluptate minus illo tenetur sint ab in culpa cumque impedit quibusdam. Saepe, molestias quia voluptatem natus velit fugiat omnis rem eos sapiente quasi quaerat aspernatur quisquam deleniti accusantium laboriosam odio id?
